Hi. I'm here for an interview.
Excuse me, how is the head office over there?
Come in please.
road
on the road
What are you doing here?
I got promoted
Now Mr. Lu's assistant
You startled me.
I thought what were you doing here?
You can't put the land war signing car into the signing of the contract
I'm here to apply for a Master Cha
Direct onboarding
Yeah, sure, no problem. Okay.
Mr. Lu, you are back.
What you just told me
I'm all done
You are the president of Lu Da Shao Drunk Group
Yes, this is
This is my wife, the employee.
He's applying for a job as a flower arranger.
Big misunderstanding
I can only join the job first and then find another opportunity to negotiate the contract
Miss Gu
I believe you will not be wrong when you choose Lux.
Don't worry, Mr. Lu comes down to value ability
So you must help him
Then let's start the interview
Beauty disaster
Land battle, you wait to make way